# Catalog Search Service
The implemented search mechanism focus on an ontological search. Therefore, it takes all information of an entity into account, which includes its location in a taxonomy as well as all entities’ properties. To enable this, a formalization of the catalogues lies is a precondition and is provided by the indexing service by.

##Approach: 
The goal of this search is to define iteratively in a user driven process which properties of a product or service are relevant for the current search request. Only the selected properties are used to show the user concrete products or services (search result). The explorative behaviour of the search is supported by a graph-based navigation, which allows the iterative exploration of the search space. In so doing, the user learns the available information (product structure and specific instances) for a product/service while he is exploring the search space. Intensional queries are intensively used to support this feature. 


You can run this service as a Docker with the following command (just an example): docker run –p 8050:8080 search-service:0.0.1 

##Comment: 
The search mechanism using ontologies (file based or accessible by a triple store) and corresponding SPARQL queries are not supported any longer. In the case of interest, please contact: fma@biba.uni-bremen.de 


-------------------------------------------------
1. Swagger problem  
(1) The Maven plugin cannot be integrated, which is not a bad thing. Here simply convert the error into a warning.
In Eclipse: "Preferences -> Maven -> Error/Warnings" convert errors in warnings "Plugin execution not converted by lifecycle configuration”
(2) To add the source code generated by Swagger auto to Eclipse please
	(a) run "mvn clean package” in a shell to generate sourecode. 	
	(b) Im “Project Explorer” in Eclipse the folder  “target/generated-sources/swagger/src/gen/java/main” set the folder as source folder.
-------------------------------------------
